World Queries
1. What query would you run to get all the countries that speak Slovene? Your query should return the name of the country, language and language percentage. Your query should arrange the result by language percentage in descending order. (1)

2. What query would you run to display the total number of cities for each country? Your query should return the name of the country and the total number of cities. Your query should arrange the result by the number of cities in descending order. (3)

3. What query would you run to get all the cities in Mexico with a population of greater than 500,000? Your query should arrange the result by population in descending order. (1)

4. What query would you run to get all languages in each country with a percentage greater than 89%? Your query should arrange the result by percentage in descending order. (1)

5. What query would you run to get all the countries with Surface Area below 501 and Population greater than 100,000? (2)

6. What query would you run to get countries with only Constitutional Monarchy with a capital greater than 200 and a life expectancy greater than 75 years? (1)

7. What query would you run to get all the cities of Argentina inside the Buenos Aires district and have the population greater than 500, 000? The query should return the Country Name, City Name, District and Population. (2)

8. What query would you run to summarize the number of countries in each region? The query should display the name of the region and the number of countries. Also, the query should arrange the result by the number of countries in descending order. (2)

Sakila Queries
Queries
1. What query would you run to get all the customers inside city_id = 312? Your query should return customer first name, last name, email, and address.

2. What query would you run to get all comedy films? Your query should return film title, description, release year, rating, special features, and genre (category).

3. What query would you run to get all the films joined by actor_id=5? Your query should return the actor id, actor name, film title, description, and release year.

4. What query would you run to get all the customers in store_id = 1 and inside these cities (1, 42, 312 and 459)? Your query should return customer first name, last name, email, and address.

5. What query would you run to get all the films with a "rating = G" and "special feature = behind the scenes", joined by actor_id = 15? Your query should return the film title, description, release year, rating, and special feature. Hint: You may use LIKE function in getting the 'behind the scenes' part.

6. What query would you run to get all the actors that joined in the film_id = 369? Your query should return the film_id, title, actor_id, and actor_name.

7. What query would you run to get all drama films with a rental rate of 2.99? Your query should return film title, description, release year, rating, special features, and genre (category).

8. What query would you run to get all the action films which are joined by SANDRA KILMER? Your query should return film title, description, release year, rating, special features, genre (category), and actor's first name and last name.